docs: maturity model (#14431)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/platform/maturity-model.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {
  id: 'maturity-model',
  title: 'Maturity Model',
  description: 'Growing with your application.',
}

> Supabase is great for building something very fast _and_ for scaling up. Keep in mind however, that as your application and team grows, the practices you use for managing an application in production should not be the same as the practices you used for prototyping.

Author: ```suggestion
Supabase is great for building something very fast _and_ for scaling up. However, it's important to note that as your application matures and your team expands, the practices you use for managing an application in production should not be the same as the practices you used for prototyping.
```
